fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/wash/config.mdx

---

> title: 'wash Configuration — User and Project Settings'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'wash Configuration — User and Project Settings'
sidebar_label: 'Configuration'
```

> ---
> title: 'wash Configuration — User and Project Settings'
> sidebar_position: 4
> description: 'Configure the wash CLI for wasmCloud — user settings, project config files, and available options in YAML, JSON, or TOML for WebAssembly workflows.'
> ---
> import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
> import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'wash Configuration — User and Project Settings'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Configuration'
sidebar_position: 4
description: 'Configure the wash CLI for wasmCloud — user settings, project config files, and available options in YAML, JSON, or TOML for WebAssembly workflows.'
---

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
```
